[Applause]
please stand for the 43rd President of
the United States George W Bush
how do you likely now
yeah the prodigal son has returned I
don't know what that means but I know
it's positive it's very prodigal quick
quick presidential update I'm doing
quite well thank you
history's proven to be kinder to me than
many of you thought yeah for the I miss
you too the longest time I was
considered the worst president of all
time that has changed
yeah and it only took 100 days I needed
I needed eight years a catastrophic
flood a war built on a lie an economic
disaster the new guy needed 100 days is
is now widely considered the worst
president of all time I come in second
I'm fine by that no one remembers second
place I don't I don't even remember who
played the New England Patriots and last
year's Super Bowl you know yeah I am the
martin van buren of the 21st century so
yeah I'm doing just fine I'll be honest
I've never liked you guys in the press
or our relationship was sometimes
strained contentious one might even say
it was prodigal you know
now I'm just I'm just speaking the truth
you know you guys were always sneak up
on me with got you questions like why
are we going to war got you why did you
not respond to Hurricane Katrina got you
what is your middle name gotcha
I just wish someone had told me that all
you have to say is fake news over and
over again you know that could be your
answer for everything yeah
I got to be honest I hated walking into
that press room
you know Sam Donaldson David Gregory
Jake Tapper I called him tap shoes
you guys remember Helen Thomas sometimes
Helen Thomas scared the out of me
until someone pointed out that she had
been dead since 1954 yeah
no it's true it's true Cokie Roberts
used to wheel her stiff corpse into the
press room
and then through some kind of muscle
memory her mouth would move with hateful
bitter questions yeah somewhat
fascinating if you thought about you
know I'll give her this though Helen
Thomas asked several questions does a
dead woman than any man at foxnews can
ask today
that is for the men left standing over
there heck they're firing anchors over
there faster than you can say hey hot
chocolate
it's a pretty good line no look I never
liked the press but I took my loss like
every other president the new guy has
thin skin he's he's what they call a
snow flake you know you got those
sensitive kids on our college campuses
who can't listen to arguments that
aren't their own we call them snowflakes
he's one of those guys he can't handle
the heat
he's a weak man he can't even sit in the
White House
no he runs down to us he runs down to
merrill ago merrill ago sounds like a
name from a Tom Clancy novel the hunt
for merrill ago that night in the steamy
sultry air of the Mara logger Club the
president speared a sumptuous and
beautiful slice of chocolate cake and
brought it to his all-knowing lips he
chewed it with steely reserve and then
with the delicious and really wonderful
chocolate cake still in his mouth
he turned to the Chinese president who
was also enjoying his wonderful dessert
and said to him I have just launched 59
missiles at Arak or perhaps Syria
wait wait wait wait hold on hold on
that's not a Tom Clancy novel that
really happened he fired a bunch of
missiles at some cement while eating
chocolate cake with the Chinese
president hey you remember how he
blacked out the windows in the room
where the press was sitting down there
at merrill ago so you guys couldn't see
what he's up to
for those of you too slow to notice
that's what they call symbolism you
learn about symbolism in journalism
school journalism school is where you go
so you can be a journalist or you could
also just post angry racist tweets and
hope Breitbart hires you you know that's
another way it's another way to come
yeah but I got I got to be honest with
you I don't know why anyone would become
a journalist now it's like it's like
being on the Titanic in this room you
know Washington Post's New York Times
Boston Herald the iceberg is coming and
you guys are hanging onto your
journalistic integrity
playing the violin as a ship goes down
you should do what they're doing over
there at Fox & Friends
those guys are dressing up like women
and children and stealing the lifeboats
of course of course there's no use
crying about it apparently it's what the
American people want or it's what a
smaller percent of the American people
want not not not most not the most
American people just a smaller amount of
people it's called democracy look it up
you know hey did you all know I'm a
painter now and yeah
thank you I got a I got a whole book out
called portraits encouraged it's a
best-seller apparently I'm a better
painter than a president I'm working on
a new series I call it portraits in not
courage and here's what I'm working on
right now it is a it is a portrait of
Donald Trump and as you can see I
exhausted my palette of yellow and
oranges
I mean when you think about that man
it's clear that he has an unnatural
color it's a it's a strange hue it's not
it's not really orange or yellow I mean
I got a new name for that color they
should just call it Mara Lago you know
yeah so I I started painting his cabinet
and here's a funny story I traveled to
all the hobby lobby's in Texas Eastern
Eastern New Mexico panhandle of Oklahoma
and I still could not get my hands on
enough white paint he he likes his
cabinet rich and white of course I had I
had : I had condi don't forget about my
good friends Alberto Gonzales dude
what's that
I'm a friend of the Mexican people's I'm
not a wall builder I clear brush he's
starting to see the picture oh and
here's a fashion update for you mr.
Trump the tie stops at the belt okay
a big long tie that goes past your mid
thigh does not mean what you think it
means it it means I don't know anything
about fashion and I should not design my
own ties so in a in summation the job of
the presidency is difficult and as I
looked back at my eight years in office
and my time away from the presidency
I've accumulated a broad depth of
knowledge if I could distill it down to
three words for this president it would
be this eat a salad
so thank you
[Applause]
[Music]